--Section 1:
General Questions:

When did you join UCR?
I joined the first time in september 2009. I quit after dboot sold it to ShatteredDestroyer, and rejoined later in March 2011.

Do you enjoy/approve of the current council members/president of UCR?
Yes. They are all performing their job well. However, some are inactive, and we are looking for good replacements.

Is UCR your primary group?
Always.

What rank are you in UCR?
President.

What rank do you aspire too have in UCR?
The same one. However, I would like UCR itself to attain the rank of most respected clan on ROBLOX.

How/why did you join UCR?
I joined the first time because my friend, Artia44, was in the x-101st and I wanted to join UCR to annoy her as a joke. However, Artia soon joined UCR and left the x-101st.

Are you happy with UCR in general? 
I am happy with UCR in general. We have good leaders, fighters, and determined members aspiring to be our next generation of elites.

If you had too rate yourself in the following catagories on a scale of 1-10 (BE HONEST) please rate;

Maturity: 9
General Leaderhip: 9
Raid Leadership: 8
Recruiting: 5
Critical Thinking: 9
Kindness: 7
Fighting: 9
Sniping: 10
Sword Fighting: 7
Gun Fighting: 10

Section 2:
Raid Leadership-

You and your raid group are cornered, and 2 enemies with weapons approach very close to you. All you have is a sword in your starterpack so at first you do not attack. They ask you and your group to surrender. What do you do?

I agree to surrender, but tell my men over teamchat to be silent and wait for my order. The enemy will come up to us, and likely will ask for my sword, so that he could take us away. I will give the order, and my men will slowly move to flank and cut off the escape route of the enemies while I stand in front of him. I walk up to the enemy as if to drop my sword, then shout "NOW!" and we kill them all with minimal casualties.

You are very close too breaking into the enemy base, but there is an unguarded medium sized wall between you, your raiding group and the base. You have 3 people in your raiding group, and swords in the starterpack. How do you get into the base? 

We can stack into the base, the same as we have been doing for months against the Vaktovian Empire. If the wall were guarded, it would be much harder.

You and your group have reached the enemy gate. The enemies realize this, and are closing down on you. You have nothing in your starterpack, and the gate is too large too jump in (or even stack in). There are three members in your group - you are wearing a combat helmet, the second member is wearing 3 egg hats, and the third member is wearing a straw hat. How do you get in quickly? 

We all drop our hats, and then we all pick up one of the second member's three egg hats. Next, we quickly egg jump onto the wall before they get here. Because it can be hard to get an egg jump on the first few tries, we cannot wait for our squad to regroup, and we will proceed to a prearranged meeting point inside the base.

[Critical Thinking] You are tasked with putting together and executing a successful raid on the clan RIC, how would you put the raid together and how would you go about raiding the unfair RIC base? 

To raid RIC's base, a base so unfair that it causes much frustration and leads to seemingly infinite spawnkilling, we would have to use devious tactics. First, each troop should have some sort of generic camoflauge on, as to not reveal their identity. Then, we would place one spy UCR on the RIC team. We would create a diversion by sending one fifth of our men up the "typical" route (the bridge to the gate) with egg hats to scale the wall. The rest of the men would spread out and swim over to the beachhead, where the spy would be awaiting our arrival. The spy is there to open the RIC-only door. Once in, we would rush into their barracks to grab assorted kits (radio, medic) and the free weapons (M16, MK14, Shotgun). Finally, we would have half the men walk over to the flag while the rest would buy a vehicle to patrol for RIC stragglers. With the unfair base under UCR control, RIC would find the tables turned on them, and the rest of the raid would be a piece of cake.

Section 3:
Recruitment Leadership-

You are raiding a UCR enemy with a group of UCR raiders. However there is a guy you have never met before assiting UCR in the raid. You allow him too assist UCR because he is highly skilled and helping constantly. At the end of the raid, you ask him what clan he belongs too and he says "None". What actions do you take to make sure he joins UCR? 

I would talk to him about how, since we both have mutual goals, UCR would provide him with crucial support and organization to take out this foe. In addition, he would provide a helpful asset to our clan by participating in trainings and being able to teach the members some of his skills. I believe that, once he is able to visualize a future for himself in UCR as a fighting instructor and raider, he would be more inclined to join. I would ensure that he gets an immediate promotion, too, for aiding us.

[Critical Thinking] You are tasked with recruiting 10 new members too UCR. These members must be effective and helpful members, and NOT be inactive alts. What steps do you take too recruit 10 helpful members, and how do you convince them to join UCR? 

Most likely, I would recruit active and effective members from our allies. UCR's allies generally hold us in high regard, and Supreme Alliance clans, too, are quite integrated. I would go to an ally base and look for a low-ranked member who demonstrated grammar and maturity, and then ask him to join UCR by lauding him for his talents and explaining how UCR is a group where any skilled leader can attain a high rank through dedication with our democracy.

Section 4: 
General Leadership:

[Short Essay/Critical Thinking] You have just created a new clan in ROBLOX. It current has no members, and no one too recruit. Answer the following questions in your responce. 

A). What steps do you take to make this clan unique or appealing?
B). What steps do you take to make this clan functioning/practical? 
C). What steps do you take to recruit members for this clan?
D). How would you select high ranks (with promotion powers) for this clan?

From personal experience, I led a small clan called the Red Lion Army back in December 2010. I started from scratch, and my only members were C&Gers and some RAT people. However, we worked like a small, elite squad of active members. With RLA, I endeavored to experiment with new leadership and ranking styles. I had my ranks based off recruitment, skill, and specialization. Basically, you would need to have overall talent in order to succeed. I started off with, at my second-highest rank, a few "Prides," leaders who would manage the clan. The prides consisted of proven leaders who were also my friends. Below that were the "Veterans," those who were not close to me but were also incredible leaders. "Titans," one rank below that, were chosen by the Prides every month out of "Centurions," our elite fighters. Titans could shout, but could not promote. At the end of the titans' terms, the Prides would vote on whether one of the Titans should become a Veteran. The low ranks were mostly constructed similarly to any clan of the time, but we also had a special rank, "Noble," which was responsible for promoting rank 1s to rank 2s. Our target was Vortex Security, and we were undefeated in our raids against Fort Vulcan. This was owed to the fighting talents of some of our members, such as ArkLight, the tactical intuition of others, like Flam3Wolf, and my ability to pick up on small details and use them to our advantage, like solving the intricate puzzle doors in under thirty seconds. We would recruit from our victorious raids on VS. I remember one specific raid, when, after winning, and then letting them take the base back so that we could win again, one defender asked "What clan is raiding? You guys are really good... Can I join?" We also encouraged members to recruit their friends, and for friends to recruit their friends. All in all, we ended up with a meager 200 members, but RLA was powerful, and those who were in it remember all the great times we had. The only failing for RLA was that I was too preoccupied as RAT's second in command. I was determined to not let my inactivity befall my next clan. I am proud to say that I am fully devoted, now, to UCR.

[Critical Thinking] You own a clan with 5,000 members. An HR in your group just admin attacked and ranked 2,100 of these members too the second highest rank in the group (this rank also has promotion powers). Some of the less loyal members now in this second rank also begin to admin attack on the remaining lower-ranked members in the group. What steps do you take to stop the admin attack, re-rank the members and MAKE SURE this never happens again? 

In reaction to this catastrophe, I would immediately revoke all promotion and shouting powers, and declare over the shout that we were in a state of emergency. All the ranks would have to be fixed. If I knew the HR's name, I would certainly implicate him in the shout, so that the low ranks would have a person with which to take out their disappointment. Unfortunate, but better to have them united against an evil than restless amongst themselves. The next step would be to reinstate promotion powers for the highest rank only and demote all the promoted people down to rank one. Anybody who lost their rank could always message a HR for it back. I would then set the highest two ranks to the same rank number so that it would be impossible to promote someone to a position where that person, too, could promote. As a final measure, I would become less generous in doling out high ranks, and only allow those who were completely trusted the glory of achieving success. This would prevent any future AA of this scale.

[Critical Thinking] An enemy group just declared war on a small/elite clan that you own. This group is known for its unfair bases, hacking and admin abuse. However the group says that if you do not accept this war - they will claim victory over you. You do not want this because your group is undefeated in all wars. How do you handle this situation? 

My answer to this question would depend mainly on the other clan's reputation. If they had a bad reputation, I could easily provide an excuse against the war and group ban them with the full support of the clan community. However, if this clan was well-liked, I would have to take different measures. Using espionage, we would work to expose the hacking and unfairness for all the clan world to see, as we did with RIC. To destroy RIC, with their unfair bases, I went on an alt and recorded various instances of admin abuse, corruption, and bribery at their headquarters. Similarly, to take out this vile clan, I would have to go undercover and take screenshots of underhanded tactics. The clan's internal destruction would be brought about when I showed the photos to the clan world. Any members with integrity, honor, and maturity would leave, disgusted by the filth around them. With any luck, we could grab some for our own elite group. We actually used this method in UCR once, when SCR was at war with us. They would defend at forts where they spawned inside, or with jetpacks and honors guns. We ended up declaring victory over SCR when we documented repeated instances of Sky Clan high ranks using exploits at ORION, including the leader, mattapplestar, himself. UCR was able to emerge victorious, and I am sure that our small, elite clan here would, too.

Thanks for trying the exam! I know some of the questions can be tough, but please make sure you answered all questions too the best of your ability.