Supreme Alliance Stats: 9/9/11 1:16 AM EST 124995 total



Well, here's what happened.

Remember last time when ben declared war on APN, and then all the BTMpire clans went after him, causing a huge war?

Well, this time, ben declared war on a fellow Supreme Alliance clan, Stealth Organization, without provocation. I informed him that this would not be tolerated, and he replied saying "UAF needs to be at war or we will be inactive." I followed up, asking why he couldn't attack a non-Allied clan, to which he said "Dude, every clan is in the Supreme Alliance" (an obvious falsity).

Finally, he went on a tirade, saying the Supreme Alliance was conspiring against him, when it was merely the pledge he signed his name to that was holding him back. I told him that he was able to call for a plebiscite of UAF, and if the majority agreed with his decision to cause offenses to the Alliance, he would be allowed to withdraw peacefully and with no harm to relations.

Instead, he chose eviction, withdrawing his rep (you) and leaving the Alliance abruptly without conversing with his clan at all. Later on he made a propaganda speech saying the Supreme Alliance was controlled by VAK, and trying to get UAF to surrender to Stealth Organization. The reality was quite the contrary, since most of the Alliance does not sympathize with VAK, and the goal was only to end the war. Deop had already agreed to declare a draw if ben withdrew his forces.

I come to you because I already know that you were concerned about the conflict. You, at the time, thought that Deop had attacked UAF. I was curious as to your opinion now, with all the information out there, showing UAF's defiance of reasonable policy in order to create chaos.

Sadly, the Alliance was forced to resolve this:
"Urban Assault Forces has been evicted from the Supreme Alliance for showing chaotic tendencies in 1. Attacking a Member Clan (SO), 2. Threatening the Alliance itself, 3. Failing to contribute positively. Reread policy on eviction, and lower ties with UAF"
